All right guys.
So the best way of starting this process and you do go and get to the point where you're doing structure.
This is after we finish so this is after we finish strategy.
Now we kind of a rough idea of what we want in our application we just don't really know how it's going
to work.
This is what I like to do honestly.
I like to just pull out different pieces of paper and just start scribbling.
I want to see when you start doing this process do not worry about how it comes out.
Don't worry about how many mistakes you can make you can make a lot of mistakes and a lot of times you
won't be able to recognize what a mistake is.
But this is what I like to do.
I like to grab whatever I have around me.
You can do it on a napkin.
You can do it on a legal pad.
But my preference personally is to use the basic kind of lab grade lines and you can see this is just
kind of like a lab notebook.
It has automatic grids on it.
And the reason why I like that is because I personally cannot draw to save my life and I can't really
stay in the lines.
And this really helps me be able to when I read draw a rectangle or a box or I'm drawing a browser really
helps me to stay in the winds and also helps you with sizing a lot of times to make a button and I can
just say ok well to recreate is button it needs to be two by three and then I can create buttons that
look roughly the same size.
It doesn't really matter.
I just think it helps in general making something a little bit more proud of.
It helps that you can visualize kind of roughly what space looks like.
Now if you don't have access to this the absolute minimum requirement to scatch is not really anything.
I mean like I said you can use a napkin.
Here's another very easy often just computer paper computer paper is great as well.
It's big it's wide open.
Try to what I do if I use computer paper is I will take to put them side by side on one time and sketch
out roughly my thoughts or notes as I go along.
And then over here is where I try to make the final version the version where I'm actually going to
create something that looks somewhat correct.
Now if you look at the resource section in this course I've actually included some templates that you
can use and write here.
What it does is it's this is especially helpful for using mobile applications because if you're saying
sketching over here over here and I want to make it for an iPhone 6 or a Samsung Galaxy or whatever
or S3 I'm not entirely sure how big that should be and I might just end up kind of doing it all over
the place.
This could actually help you.
And so if you go there and download it you can see that there are multiple versions like right here
is an iPhone 6.
So it's already has all of the sizes for you.
Here's a 6 plus.
And here is the iPad.
And remember you can design this book.
Why is that because I don't like this because I like this.
OK so it's kind of like a set up I like to do personally.
You're not going to have it like this because you don't do this professionally every day.
But I like to do is just have multiple types of paper out and I like on my computer here too because
constantly I will need inspiration for how to format my sites or I you know sometimes it's nice to take
a little break and space out.
But it's really nice to be able to pull up something over there and then walk and then try to emulate
it down here.